this is Dan Turner for JC TV Jefferson
city's only public access channel
located in Jefferson City Missouri on
the beautiful campus of Lincoln
University our public access channel
broadcast on the local cable TV system
serving the city and surrounding areas
we recently renovated our studio and
upgraded some of our equipment one of
those upgrades was to switch to the
playout ready system Pawar already Inc
we currently broadcast in standard
definition but are making plans to move
to high definition TV in the near future
not wanting to purchase a dead end
system we decided to go with play out
ready play out ready operates on a
windows-based computer and utilizes a
Stratus outlet card and a 4 terabyte
raid array this system can be easily and
quickly upgraded to high-definition
simply by replacing the standard
definition Stratus card with a
high-definition Stratus card we can
choose to increase hard drive storage
but it is not mandatory let's take a
look at the hardware and a few
screenshots of the playout ready system
which is the heart of JC TV as you can
see the entire playback system is
contained in this equipment rack the
equipment in this rack includes audio
and video switching audio processing
monitoring as well as a UPS for power
stability we also are on the verge of
broadcasting via a telco TV fiber base
cable system to supply program
information to them we supply standard
def SDI with embedded audio this is
possible thanks to an Asha converter
mounted inside this rack in typical wire
ready fashion the playlist is a matter
of stacking simple commands and file
names in order this screen shows the
daily log as it is running changing
adding or deleting programs is an easy
process and can be done on the fly if
necessary or setup days or weeks in
advance the playout ready system is
connected via a 1 gigabyte Ethernet LAN
to our offices where station personnel
edit convert and upload programs to the
playout ready ingest folder this process
of ingesting and scheduled
is very fast and easily managed from the
individual computer stations or from the
control room in addition to these
operations being performed here in the
control room or staff offices play out
ready can be accessed via the web from
virtually anywhere once logged in
authorized station personnel can check
on the system status make changes or
update the schedule as needed since we
are a public access station we routinely
receive DVDs to be aired on our channel
the JC TV staff has found several free
programs online that allow for quick
ripping of these DVDs the files are then
converted to mpeg-2 and routed via
ethernet to our play out ready server to
be scheduled with the play out ready
system we are virtually a tapeless
operation now we utilize data video
portable hard drive recorders married to
our DV cam field cameras this allows us
to save directly to hard drives and then
the files are imported into our Adobe
cs4 edit stations for editing and
conversion to mpeg-2 files these files
are dropped into the ingest folder on
our play out ready system and scheduled
in our TV studio we also use data video
hard drive recorders in the same
configuration
the use of hard drive based recorders
significantly reduces the amount of time
between shooting a program and having a
file that is ready for air play out
ready has been on duty for nearly a year
with no downtime it simply works the
support and assistance from wire ready
is second to none
you